hello with the owns family hello and
we've been out today by the Southlands
national park authority to go out to the
South Downs leave the car at home and go
on the bus
we picked it up from brighton pier right
on the seafront we're being stuck in
traffic in a hot sticky car is never
very nice ultimately I do quite a bit
driving it in the week anyway it's just
nice to relax and let someone else show
for Europe really
we just noticed a lot more things with
the view from the bus you know and when
you get it's a very popular place is no
buzzer parkview just got the boss and
that's it so yeah it's a very relaxing
up to
I really love come out sat southbound
and there's the family do as well the
wildflowers at this time of year of
beautiful Josh loves hunting for bugs
and there's loads of different walks you
can do
there's always a good refreshment stop
whichever direction you doing is they're
the discount going on there but if you
have to take it from the bust and
logging taste entire order
you
you can go up to I don't know Bryce we
spend a fortune in about 10 minutes or
you can have a whole day up here with
money off vouchers for your dinner and
free or half price bus tickets like nice
cold glass of wine the end of the day
very nice and the breeze lovely well now
I've got to drive her Lane good sunday
out it's Bambi Sunday